\input texinfo
@setfilename manual
@settitle SmartCalc_v1.0
@documentencoding UTF-8

@copying
Copyright © 2022 by NEELYARL
@end copying

@titlepage
@title SmartCalc Guide
@vskip 
@insertcopying
@author NEELYARL
@end titlepage

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top SmartCalc_v1.0
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* General information:: This section provides common information on the principle of operation of calculator.
* Arithmetic operations:: This section provides information about the list of implemented arithmetic operations
* Math function:: This section provides information about the list of implemented mathematical functions.
* Charts:: This section provides information about the possibility of plotting functions.
* Credit calculator:: This section provides information about the possibility of a credit calculator.
* Deposit calculator:: This section provides information about the possibility of a deposit calculator.
@end menu

@node General information
@chapter General information

The calculator is developed in the C/C++ programming language using QT.
The main principle of calculations is implemented on the basis of Dijkstra's algorithm, the essence of which is to convert mathematical expressions from infix notation to reverse Polish notation.

@node  Arithmetic operations
@chapter  Arithmetic operations

The following arithmetic operations are implemented in the calculator:
@enumerate
@item
Addition - a + b
@item
Subtraction - a - b
@item
Multiplication - a * b
@item
Division - a / b
@item
Power - a ^ b
@item
Remainder of the division - a mod b
@item
Unary plus - +a
@item
Unary minus - -a
@item
To enter complex expressions use left and right brackets - (a)
@end enumerate
You can specify a complex mathematical expression using the constant "x".
Enter the expression, click "=" and get the answer.

@node Math function
@chapter Math function

The following mathematical functions are implemented in the calculator:
@enumerate
@item
Computes cosine - cos(x)
@item
Computes sine - sin(x)
@item
Computes tangent - tan(x)
@item
Computes arc cosine - acos(x)
@item
Computes arc sine - asin(x)
@item
Computes arc tangent - atan(x)
@item
Computes square root - sqrt(x)
@item
Computes natural logarithm - ln(x)
@item
Computes common logarithm - log(x)
@end enumerate
Enter the expression, click "=" and get the answer.

@node Charts
@chapter Charts

The calculator implements the possibility of plotting functions.
In order to build a graph, enter the expression, click the "Graph" button and then click "=" button.
The graph will appear.

@node Credit calculator
@chapter Credit calculator

The calculator has a special mode of operation: Credit Calculator.

The credit calculator window contains the following fields:

- Loan Amount - the desired loan amount.
- Loan Term - set in months, supports only integer values.
- Interest Rate - the desired interest rate. Set as an integer or a floating-point number.
- Annulling button - for annulling payments
- Monthly button - for differentiated payments

Output Fields: 
- Monthly payment
- Overpayment on the loan (interest)
- The total amount to be paid.

@node Deposit calculator
@chapter Deposit calculator

The calculator has a special mode of operation: Deposit Calculator.

The deposit calculator window contains the following fields:

- Deposit Amount - the initial deposit amount.
- Deposit Term - for how long you plan to invest money. Input the day when you open deposit and the day of closing deposit.
- Interest Rate - the percentage at which you invest money.
- Tax Rate - the current key rate of the Central Bank is set.
- Frequency of Payments - you can choose 'every day', 'every week', 'every month', 'every quarter', 'every 6 month', 'every year'.
- Capitalization - activate the radiobutton if interest is credited to the account.
- Depo Replanishment - you can choose the frequency of replanishments such as in Frequency of Payments.
- Replanishment Amount - how much money you want to replanish every period.
- Partial Withdrawals - you can choose the frequency of replanishments such as in Frequency of Payments.
- Remove Amount - how much money you want to remove  every period.

Output fields:
- Accrued interest.
- The amount of tax.
- The amount of deposit by the end of the deposit period.

@bye
